NytroG Model for Half-Life
Copyright © 2000 Dimitris Themelios

Author:		Dimitris "Mist" Themelios--All modeling and textures 
E-Mail:		letsgetmistified@hotmail.com
Webpage:	No

Model Name:	NytroG
Version:		1.0
Release Date:	4/25/00
Total Size:	215kB
Polygons:	680
Vertices:		342
Textures:		1x256x256x256 & 1x128x128x256
Texture Size:	82.1 kB
Team Colors:	No. 
Chrome:		No.
Animations:	Standard Valve DM Player Animations.
Build Time:	30 hours or something
Programs Used:	3D Studio MAX R3.1, Paint Shop Pro 6 (I hate Photoshop! No, seriously, I really do...)

Known bugs:

Well there are some unwanted stretches and glitches of the mesh but I'm too lazy to do the uvw-mapping all over again so it'll have to do.

Also, this is my first model so I guess some errors are acceptable...

Bamphalas:	 ...and the Author tries to blame the physiqueing-errors on this being his first model. I didn't think a person could sink that low...

Awwwww! C'mon... Why not?

Description:

This model was supposed to be an Demolitions Expert in a Mod, but as I don't think that it will ever get finished I'm releasing it for DM use.

I've named the model after my ex-clanbuddy and Cold Fusion founder NytroG 'cause I thought it was a fitting name for a Demolitions Expert.

You know... Nitroglycerin... NytroG... Blows things up... Demolitions Expert... Blows things up...

Random Half-Life Player:	Aha! I get it!

The "modeller" who stole my first skin ever for his Spider-Man model which got a 4 in it's review( I aint naming no names...):	........................Huh!?!

Remember that this model is Copyrighted by me, Dimitris Themelios. So if you want to use this model for anything else than just wearing it when you are 

playing DM (for example you want it in your Mod), please contact me.

Installation:

Put all files (NytroG.mdl, NytroG.bmp) in your half-life\valve\models\player\NytroG directory

Thanks to:

First and foremost to Scarecrow for having made some very good tutorials for the the Modeling community and for all the cool models he's done, which one 

could sit days looking at, drooling over his @#%&>|* skills and also for running Cold Fusion when noone else would and doing it great at that. Oh, Yeah!

And he's one OK guy aswell=) 	Cheers Matey!

Secondly all my ex-clanbuddies from BMA. Especially Squirmy(Maker of the model Blindeye) for the inspiration and NytroG for having founded Cold Fusion and 

for letting me take over while he was away. Spider for the tutorials and stuff on Wavelength. Fritz the Cat(Maker of the HHEV-model) for the GREAT piece of 

advice he gave me. All the people who have ever helped out with Cold Fusion and last but certainly not least, my cousin in Greece, Hex!

If I've forgot anyone, blame it one the mind and not the heart! Peace Out My Brothers!=)

Seriously though... Hope you enjoy the model, 'cause I sure as hell enjoyed making it!

Let's Get Mistified!

